lego indiana jones to walk through for
nicks and waxes calm and this would be
the super bonus level for the Last
Crusade world hub and for the super
bonus level you get to build Rushmore
and you obviously you're going to need
all ten artifacts which is what you get
by completing all tents to provide all
ten bonus levels and yeah for this
strangely you can build like you don't
have to build one set of bricks to get
the other for most of them at least you
can just build right away so if you
wanted to just build it as soon as you
finish the super finish the bonus level
but for purposes of the recording I just
decided destroy Alton here that makes
any sense so anyway you build linked in
Washington and Franklin wow I can I
remember the other guy from around much
for Mount Rushmore her out mushroom more
mushroom her out more mushrooms
mushrooms hate mushrooms mushrooms kind
of cold aceite never might dump that did
dis ignore me i'm just saying things
they do i cannot remember that Grant was
his knee I don't know I cannot remember
his name I feel really stupid now anyway
it doesn't really matter this isn't
history lesson this is like game and
where you build Legos and whenever I
build the super boss level makes me want
to build a Lego but I don't have a lycra
to build so it's like dating anyway so
you're gonna have to pull on this rope
outside of Lincoln's mouth and kind of
reminded me of pulling I someone's beard
for some reason I have no idea that
don't don't ask but let's pull in it or
pull on it climb up then you get blasted
out of his head now for the bonus level
or the super bonus level you need to
unlock I mean wow you need to get 1
million studs and there are roughly
um 1,200,000 studs in total maybe less
and if you can get up to about 600,000
studs before getting all those studs
down in that pool you'll be able to get
the 1 million pretty easy I just wasn't
sure how many studs are worth so uh huh
well that's why I mean I wasn't sure how
many sets or down there so I got that
kind of early but before you go get
those ones in the pool I would just go
around trying to get like around 550,000
some five hundred fifty thousand six
hundred thousand studs and did I get the
ones at the pool and you'll get a
million right away and there are also
these buttons they have to press well
you don't really have to push them but I
go push them anyway and they do not come
back up so I have to do is run over on
once and yeah but anyway i'm liking lego
star wars like I starts to is the first
Lego game to use these super models
level things well I'm like a micro stars
to you do not have to collect every
single last stud to get a million so uh
just get the more joy the majority of
the studs in the level and you will get
annoyed stud and there isn't really any
point and the super bonus levels like
you don't get any you don't get any
studs after you don't get any special
award besides the hundred-percent meter
I guess I got a percent completion
that's probably the only use in this and
other than that they use this just
because it's fun to do because they are
kind of fun I mean it's kind of a break
from the seriousness of the game I guess
but other than that just go around get
the million studs and at the end of this
video I think I show yeah I'm pretty
yeah at the end of this video i show how
to get uh I show that my two accounts
that two files that have hotter percent
completion and you can go to the
election walkthrough Stockholm website
to check out achievements and how to get
on a percent completion because you have
to get a hundred percent in the
super and a level creator and that can
be tricky sometimes but I can be tricky
if you don't know what to do but just go
next to mortgage com or search for it on
youtube and actually you're probably
have to go next mark I'm just go next
and watch Chris calm and find it but
yeah at the end of this I show my
hundred percent completion of both my
accounts and that pretty much says that
i'm done with locked or so uh you're
doing it if you were following me the
entire time then it's easier than tues
our congratulations I guess but yeah
just it's pretty much it's crooked a
million studs and you'll yeah
graduations I guess
you